Set up of the browser wallet and the demo wCCD front-end (#593)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/wCCD/wCCD-front-end-set-up.rst

    (minimum viable product) version is currently available to be built from the source code.
    Expect some breaking changes until the MVP version is released in the next quarter. It is not recommended to
    use any pre-MVP product on mainnet.

You can choose from two different workflows that will guide you through the setup steps. Workflow 1 is easier.
The ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy`` is hosted by Concordium in workflow 1 which will take care of the
Concordium node on your behalf. Workflow 2 is for
advanced readers that want to build all the components from the source code and connect the browser wallet
to their own hosted Concordium node.

.. dropdown:: Workflow 1 - Setup browser wallet connected to hosted node (click here)

    You are ready now to build the pre-MVP browser wallet from the source code.

    Clone the repository with the command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

    .. note::

        Depending on the exact commit hash that you used to build your pre-MVP browser wallet, the
        screenshots might differ. The browser wallet hosts the private keys corresponding

>         to the accounts of the user and a link that points to a ``JSON-RPC server``.

Author: I removed it.

    .. code-block:: console

        $yarn start --port 9095 --nodeAddress 127.0.0.1 --nodePort 10001 --nodeTimeout 5000

    Your ``JSON-RPC server`` is running on port `9095` and connects to your local node on port `10001`.
    You are ready now to build the pre-MVP browser wallet from the source code.
    Clone the repository with the command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

    You can build the browser wallet extension and load it
    (``dist`` folder from the path `root/packages/browser-wallet`) into the
    `Chrome browser <https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/#unpacked>`_ as
    described in the README file of the
    `browser wallet repository <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet/tree/main/packages/browser-wallet>`_.

    .. note::

        Depending on the exact commit hash that you used to build your pre-MVP browser wallet, the
        screenshots and setup steps might differ. The browser wallet holds the private keys corresponding
        to the accounts of the user and a link that points to a ``JSON-RPC server``.

>     The next steps are based on the pre-MVP browser wallet from a git commit before 22.8.2022.

Author: It would be very nice if the wallet supports one-day different types of connections (local nodes, API connection to server + hosted nodes by Concordium, API connection to server + hosted nodes by third-party providers).

So far the most important connection option is supported (API connection to server + hosted nodes by Concordium), when and if we will support the other options in the future, I am not exactly sure but I can ask.

>     The next steps are based on the pre-MVP browser wallet from a git commit before 22.8.2022.

Author: Reply from Emil Kristiansen: yes in one of the next releases (after the MVP is released we will add the option for the user to key in an endpoint of their preference)

Setting up the front-end
========================

.. note::

    Before you start with part 3 of this tutorial, make sure you have:

    - access to the `Chrome <https://www.google.com/chrome/>`_ web browser on your laptop or computer

    - `node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_ and `yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_ installed

> 

Author: Added line that users have to download `git` before starting the tutorial (to be able to clone a repo from Github).

Since the cloning commands are changed to `HTTPS`, I did not mention ``ssh-client``.

``Node.js`` is a JavaScript runtime environment and ``yarn`` is a package manager
used in combination with ``node.js``. You can download `node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_  and
`yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_  on their official websites.

Non-tech users might find it inconvenient to interact via the Concordium node with smart contracts

> and we cannot expect everyone is going to host their own Concordium node in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and some users may choose not to host their own Concordium node in the future.
```

You can lower the bar for entry by coding an appealing front-end that provides additional information

> to your potential customers. Web front-ends are a familiar side nowadays but keep in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your potential customers. Web front-ends are a familiar sight nowadays, but keep in mind
```

that downloading a crypto wallet as a browser extension and its behavior or safe usage might be new

> for people using your front-end. Providing comprehensive explanations and step-by-step guides at your front-end on topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for people using your front-end. Providing comprehensive explanations and step-by-step guides in your front-end on topics
```

related to the browser wallet is important for a good user experience. The browser wallet
connects via ``HTTPS`` to a server that is connected to a Concordium node. This setup alleviates the
need for the user to host their own Concordium node.

Concordium browser wallet
-------------------------

A browser wallet is a piece of code that can be added as an extension to supported browsers such as ``Chrome``.
The browser wallet hosts the private keys corresponding to the accounts of the user and a link that points
to a `JSON-RPC server  <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-json-rpc>`_.

> Your front-end code, that is run in the browser, constructs the transaction object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your front-end code that is run in the browser constructs the transaction object
```

and sends it the the browser wallet. The transaction object is signed by the private key hosted in the browser wallet
and transmitted to the ``JSON-RPC server`` via ``HTTPS``. This server has access to a Concordium node and masks
the request (including the signed transaction object) that comes via ``HTTPS`` from the browser wallet
to a ``JSON-RPC`` request that the Concordium node can execute. The signed transaction is
transmitted via peer-to-peer communication to other Concordium nodes and becomes
part of the Concordium blockchain.

.. note ::

    The Concordium browser wallet is in active development. A pre-MVP

>     (minimum viable product) version is currently available that can be built from the source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (minimum viable product) version is currently available to be built from the source code.
```

    Expect some breaking changes until the MVP version is released in the next quarter. It is not recommended to
    use any pre-MVP product on mainnet.

You can choose from two different workflows that will guide you through the setup steps. Workflow 1 is for
advanced readers that want to build all the components from the source code and connect the browser wallet

> to their own hosted Concordium node. Workflow 2 is easier by downloading the browser wallet and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to their own hosted Concordium node. Workflow 2 is easier; download the browser wallet and
```

> connecting it to the ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy`` hosted by Concordium which will take care of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connect it to the ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy`` hosted by Concordium to take care of the
```

Author: I re-wrote the sentence as follows to make clear that workflow 2 is easier because of the two reasons mentioned in the above sentences.

Workflow 2 is easier. You can download the browser wallet already built in workflow 2.
The ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy`` is hosted by Concordium in workflow 2 which will take care of the
Concordium node on your behalf.

Reviewer: That's fine.

Concordium node on your behalf.

> .. dropdown:: Workflow 1 (click here)

Author: Renamed it to:

Setup browser wallet connected to local node
Setup browser wallet connected to hosted node

> Concordium node on behalf of you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concordium node on your behalf.
```

and implements common flows to deal with the different states that the browser wallet could be in. For example,
the front-end will display a ``connect wallet`` button when loading the website. Furthermore, the front-end has flows
to react to the events when the user switches the account in the browser wallet or
connects/disconnects an account in the browser wallet to update the front-end state accordingly.

.. note::

    React is a popular open-source front-end JavaScript library.

Clone this `repository <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    $git clone git@github.com:Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

Build and run the front-end as described in the README file of the
`wCCD front-end demo <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet/tree/main/examples/wCCD>`_.

The steps in the README file are as follows:

- Run ``yarn`` in the root folder to install all dependencies.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn

- Run ``yarn build:all`` to build the concordium-helpers package.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn build:all

> - Navigate into the wCCD example folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the wCCD example folder.
```

.. code-block:: console

    $cd ./examples/wCCD/

- Run ``yarn watch`` to enable hot-reload (useful for development) of the web front-end whenever you do any changes to the code.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn watch

- Run ``yarn start`` in another terminal to start the web front-end.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn start

> This command logs an URL in the console (typically http://127.0.0.1:8080). Open this URL in the ``Chrome`` browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command logs a URL in the console (typically http://127.0.0.1:8080). Open this URL in the ``Chrome`` browser.
```

Setting up the front-end
========================

> Non-tech users might find it inconvenient to interact via the Concordium node with smart contracts

Author: I added this first sentence:
In this part, you will create a web front-end. Users can interact with the smart contract easier
by using your front-end compared to interacting with the node directly.

and some users may choose not to host their own Concordium node in the future.

You can lower the bar for entry by coding an appealing front-end that provides additional information
to your potential customers. Web front-ends are a familiar sight nowadays, but keep in mind
that downloading a crypto wallet as a browser extension and its behavior or safe usage might be new

> for people using your front-end. Providing comprehensive explanations and step-by-step guides on your website on topics

Author: I tried to move it but I still need to mention that the `browser wallet` connects to a Concordium node hosted by us and that is why a front-end makes sense to build (is easier to use) in the introduction. I renamed `crypto wallet` to `browser wallet` so there are fewer new/unknown terms.

related to the browser wallet is important for a good user experience. The browser wallet
connects via ``HTTPS`` to a server that is connected to a Concordium node. This setup alleviates the

> need for the user to host their own Concordium node.

Author: I moved it even to the first paragraph:

In this part, you will create a web front-end. Users can interact with the smart contract easier
by using your front-end compared to interacting with the node directly.
Non-tech users might find it inconvenient to interact with smart contracts via the Concordium node
and some users may choose not to host their own Concordium node locally. This tutorial part will show you
a setup that alleviates the need for the user to host their own Concordium node.

.. note::

    Before you start with part 3 of this tutorial, make sure you have:

    - access to the `Chrome <https://www.google.com/chrome/>`_ web browser on your laptop or computer

    - `git <https://git-scm.com/>`_ installed to be able to clone a repository from `GitHub <https://github.com/>`_

    - `node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_ and `yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_ installed

    ``Node.js`` is a JavaScript runtime environment and ``yarn`` is a package manager
    used in combination with ``node.js``. You can download `node.js <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_  and
    `yarn <https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install>`_  on their official websites.

Concordium browser wallet
-------------------------

> A browser wallet is a piece of code that can be added as an extension to supported browsers such as ``Chrome``.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't `Chrome` be a link?

Author: Chrome is linked 3 sentences above (when it is first mentioned). I then just highlighted the name to show it is a name instead of linking it every time to an external side.

The browser wallet hosts the private keys corresponding to the accounts of the user and a link that points

> to a `JSON-RPC server  <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-json-rpc>`_.

Author: If we don't mention `JSON-RPC server` at all (except for the advance guide) then it is very difficult to explain what the browser wallet is actually doing and how it connects to a node or where the Concordium node (maybe people start to think that the Concordium node is part of the browser wallet or run in the browser wallet). We had some people thinking they can run a baker node in the mobile wallet (probably people will think the same about the browser wallet).

> to a `JSON-RPC server  <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-json-rpc>`_.

Author: We could instead of `JSON-RPC server` just call it a `server` that the browser wallet connects to (to avoid using this potentially new term) if that makes it easier. So far I assumed people will just read it but interpret the `JSON-RPC` just as the name of the server (without actually looking up what it is in detail).

> to a `JSON-RPC server  <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-json-rpc>`_.

Author: I removed the JSON-RPC nearly everywhere in the in guide except for the advanced workflow and in short mentioning that this is how the browser wallet currently connects to the node.

Your front-end code that is run in the browser constructs the transaction object

> and sends it the the browser wallet. The transaction object is signed by the private key hosted in the browser wallet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and sends it the browser wallet. The transaction object is signed by the private key hosted in the browser wallet
```

Author: and sends it to the browser wallet.

> and transmitted to the ``JSON-RPC server`` via ``HTTPS``. This server has access to a Concordium node and masks

Reviewer 2: What does "masks" mean here? I don't understand it.

Author: It means to change the HTTPS request format into a JSON-RPC request format that the node understands.

Author: I use `converts` now which seems clearer than `masks`

the request (including the signed transaction object) that comes via ``HTTPS`` from the browser wallet
to a ``JSON-RPC`` request that the Concordium node can execute. The signed transaction is
transmitted via peer-to-peer communication to other Concordium nodes and becomes
part of the Concordium blockchain.

.. warning ::

    The Concordium browser wallet is in active development. A pre-MVP
    (minimum viable product) version is currently available to be built from the source code.
    Expect some breaking changes until the MVP version is released in the next quarter. It is not recommended to
    use any pre-MVP product on mainnet.

You can choose from two different workflows that will guide you through the setup steps. Workflow 1 is for
advanced readers that want to build all the components from the source code and connect the browser wallet
to their own hosted Concordium node. Workflow 2 is easier.

> The ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy`` is hosted by Concordium in workflow 2 which will take care of the

Reviewer 2: Is that (``JSON-RPC wallet proxy``) how we usually render names? It looks a bit strange when rendered.

Author: yes, we render names in the documentation like this. The spacing between words seems slightly wide on my browser when using this name rendering style. There is a CSS file with some global style definitions. Since this affects the whole documentation, I left the global styles untouched (would need Danielle's feedback on it and checks how we should change style).

Concordium node on your behalf.

.. dropdown:: Workflow 1 - Setup browser wallet connected to local node (click here)

    Before you start this workflow, make sure you have:

>     - a running Concordium testnet node

Reviewer 2: Perhaps make it clear it should be fully caught up.

Author: I wrote as follows:
a running Concordium testnet node that is completely synced.

    Build and run the server as described in the README file of the
    `JSON-RPC repo <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-json-rpc>`_.

    The final command that you execute to start the ``JSON-RPC server`` is as follows:

    .. code-block:: console

        $yarn start --port 9095 --nodeAddress 127.0.0.1 --nodePort 10001 --nodeTimeout 5000

    Your ``JSON-RPC server`` is running on port `9095` and connects to your local node on port `10001`.
    You are ready now to build the pre-MVP browser wallet from the source code.
    Clone the repository with the command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

    You can build the browser wallet extension and load it
    (``dist`` folder from the path `root/packages/browser-wallet`) into the
    `Chrome browser <https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/#unpacked>`_ as
    described in the README file of the
    `browser wallet repo <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet/tree/main/packages/browser-wallet>`_.

    .. note::

        Depending on the exact commit hash that you used to build your pre-MVP browser wallet, the

>         screenshots and setup steps might differ. The browser wallet hosts the private keys corresponding

Reviewer 2: Could we use some other terminology than "host". When I read host I imagine that it is somewhere on some server. But it is not. Maybe it's just my poor english.

Author: I use `holds` now instead of `hosts`

        to the accounts of the user and a link that points to a ``JSON-RPC server``.

>     The next steps are based on the pre-MVP browser wallet from a git commit before around 22.8.2022.

Reviewer 3: `before around 22.8.2022` sounds a bit odd. Can't we just specify an exact date?

>     These earlier versions of the pre-MVP browser wallet have an input field for the private key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    These early versions of the pre-MVP browser wallet have an input field for the private key
```

>     to import an already existing account and an input field for the link to the ``JSON-RPC server``.

Reviewer 3: The first alternative is not really clear. Perhaps:
`.. which you have to fill out. Alternatively, you can follow..`

Reviewer 3: I've realised that the alternative only relates to the second field, i.e. the rpc server field.

Author: It kind of relates to both because the newer browser wallets use seed phrases (and no input of a private key is needed anymore because you can just create a new seed phrase in the wallet)

Author: I added this:
 The newer browser wallet from workflow 1 can be used to create new account (no important of private keys needed).

    Alternatively, you can follow workflow 2 to use the most recent pre-MVP browser wallet
    without hosting your own node and ``JSON-RPC server``.

    You are ready now to start the browser wallet by clicking on the Concordium icon at the top right of the
    ``Chrome`` browser.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_12.png
        :width: 100 %

    .. note::

        The puzzle icon at the top right of the ``Chrome`` browser allows you to manage your browser extensions.
        You can enable pinning of the Concordium browser wallet.

        .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_13.png
            :width: 30 %

>     .. dropdown:: Getting your private key from an account already imported to the `concordium-client`

Reviewer 3: I think there is a bit too much nesting going on, which makes the flow less clear.
Perhaps you can expand https://developer.concordium.software/en/mainnet/net/references/developer-tools.html instead and link to it? That might be useful for other guides/tutorials as well.

Author: moved it to developer-tools guide and now link to it.

                "metadata": {
                    "encryptionMethod": "AES-256",
                    "initializationVector": "oJhcClLqUEotJxh4nmuCgA==",
                    "iterations": 100000,
                    "keyDerivationMethod": "PBKDF2WithHmacSHA256",
                    "salt": "0XSYLtrsLN+XXwYqxD+gDw=="
                }
            }

        Download the :ref:`utils tool <downloads-testnet-auxiliary-tools>` under the auxiliary tools section.
        This tool is able to decode your encrypted key.

        You can find additional information on the `utils` tool :ref:`here <developer-tools>`.

        Decode your private key by running the decrypt command on the ``output.json`` file.
        You will need to enter your password from the backup file when it was exported from the mobile wallet.

        .. code-block:: console

            $./utils decrypt --in output.json --out decrypted.example

        Your private key will be saved to the ``decrypted.example`` file.

    Enter the below ``JSON-RPC`` endpoint into the browser wallet to connect to
    your local ``JSON-RPC server`` on port 9095.

    .. code-block:: console

        http://127.0.0.1:9095

>     In case you run an older pre-MVP wallet, you have to enter the private key and

Reviewer 3: I think we can assume that people will use a new pre-MVP wallet. So we should remove the extra steps needed for older versions.

Author: remove these sentences

    the associated account into the browser wallet similar to the below string. In case you run a newer pre-MVP wallet,
    you can create a new account with the associated private key in the browser wallet.

    .. code-block:: toml

>         74ff83a13ca066298583dcb9151822359fd2e4c9b69c9ca427455da565f6129b,3oLNhuxM7yrf3LrJa3hH5NfocTViGS8Aj2t6YScWNvUq4o2nC

Reviewer 3: I don't understand where this key comes from. Are they supposed to use this exact key or one that looks like it?

Author: The user can use this private key on testnet if they want to skip the private key decryption part altogether. It is an account that I created on testnet and funded with some CCD (assuming some people might use it if they don't get it working to create their own account).

The private key is also shown here so people can see how to input the private key + account into the browser wallet (meaning first private key then a comma and then the account)

>         74ff83a13ca066298583dcb9151822359fd2e4c9b69c9ca427455da565f6129b,3oLNhuxM7yrf3LrJa3hH5NfocTViGS8Aj2t6YScWNvUq4o2nC

Reviewer 2: Do we still want to have this section here?

Author: I updated the section. It still describes how to import the private key but not so much jumping between newer/older pre-MVP wallets in the description.

    You completed the browser wallet setup. Check that your account balance is displayed and you have enough
    CCD to be able to execute transactions.

    .. note::

>         You are connected to a website with your browser wallet when you see the green ``Connected`` button.

Reviewer 3: I think we should put a red box around the connected button in the image, so it is easier to find.

        You can toggle on/off the connection by clicking on the button.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_14.png
        :width: 40 %

.. dropdown:: Workflow 2 - Setup browser wallet connected to hosted node (click here)

    You are ready now to build the pre-MVP browser wallet from the source code.

    Clone the repository with the command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

    .. note::

        Depending on the exact commit hash that you used to build your pre-MVP browser wallet, the
        screenshots might differ. The browser wallet hosts the private keys corresponding
        to the accounts of the user and a link that points to a ``JSON-RPC server``.

    The next steps are based on the pre-MVP browser wallet from a git commit after 22.8.2022.

>     These newer versions of the pre-MVP browser wallet connect to the ``JSON-RPC wallet proxy``

Reviewer 3: I think we can assume that everyone will use a version that is newer than 22-08/22. So we should remove this comment. It would be great if we could completely remove the mentioning of JSON-RPC in this easier guide.

Author: Removed the comment with 22.8.2022. JSON-RPC is still mentioned in the guide as described above.

>     hosted by Concordium which will take care of the Concordium node on behalf of you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    hosted by Concordium which will take care of the Concordium node on your behalf
```

>     You can build the browser wallet extension and load it
>     (``dist`` folder from the path `root/packages/browser-wallet`) into the

Reviewer 3: Perhaps? (And also in the advanced guide, if you agree).
```suggestion
    You can build the browser wallet extension and load it
    by dragging the ``dist`` folder (located at `root/packages/browser-wallet/dist`) into the
```

Author: I kept the original version. Dragging is one option but I assume people might also click the `load` button and navigate to the correct folder instead.

    `Chrome browser <https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/#unpacked>`_ as
    described in the README file of the
    `browser wallet repo <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet/tree/main/packages/browser-wallet>`_.

    You are ready now to start the browser wallet by clicking on the Concordium icon at the top right of the
    ``Chrome`` browser.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_18.png
        :width: 100 %

    .. note::

        The puzzle icon at the top right of the ``Chrome`` browser allows you to manage your browser extensions.
        You can enable pinning of the Concordium browser wallet.

        .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_13.png
            :width: 30 %

>     Create a new account on testnet by going through the setup steps of the browser wallet.

Reviewer 3: How come we only show the create account part in the easy workflow? Isn't that just as relevant in the other section?

Author: The create account flow is only available in the newer pre-MVP wallets (with seed phrase generation). The workflow 2 (more advanced) has to be done by important the private keys instead.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_19.png
        :width: 30 %

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_20.png
        :width: 30 %

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_21.png
        :width: 30 %

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_22.png
        :width: 30 %

    You are ready now to create a new account on testnet.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_19.png
        :width: 30 %

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_20.png
        :width: 30 %

    You completed the browser wallet setup. Send some CCD to your new account or request some CCD from testnet faucet button within the browser wallet.
    Check that your account balance is displayed and you have enough
    CCD to be able to execute transactions.

    .. note::
        You are connected to a website with your browser wallet when you see the green ``Connected`` button.
        You can toggle on/off the connection by clicking on the button.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_14.png
        :width: 40 %

Running the web front-end
-------------------------

You have successfully added the Concordium browser wallet extension to your browser in the previous section.

> In the next step of the tutorial, you are going to clone a wCCD demo front-end written with the React library

Reviewer 3: Link to https://reactjs.org/

.. note::

    React is a popular open-source front-end JavaScript library.

Clone this `repository <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    $git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet.git

Build and run the front-end as described in the README file of the
`wCCD front-end demo <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet/tree/main/examples/wCCD>`_.

The steps in the README file are as follows:

- Run ``yarn`` in the root folder to install all dependencies.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn

- Run ``yarn build:all`` to build the concordium-helpers package.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn build:all

- Navigate to the wCCD example folder.

.. code-block:: console

    $cd ./examples/wCCD/

- Run ``yarn watch`` to enable hot-reload (useful for development) of the web front-end whenever you do any changes to the code.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn watch

- Run ``yarn start`` in another terminal to start the web front-end.

.. code-block:: console

    $yarn start

This command logs a URL in the console (typically http://127.0.0.1:8080). Open this URL in the ``Chrome`` browser.

.. note::

>     Check that your browser wallet is connected to the testnet and not to mainnet or stagenet.

Reviewer 3: Is this very obvious? Or should we explain how that is done?

Author: Check that your browser wallet is connected to testnet (screenshots shown in workflow 1) or a testnet node (workflow 2) and not to mainnet or stagenet.
